*Voicecalculator*
‘A voice based calculator’ is an electronic device which perform lengthy calculations. Traditional calculator uses key input to perform calculations, which is time consuming process. Present invention developed a new way of calculation. Smart number cruncher provides two modes of calculation, first mode is text mode and second mode is voice mode. Text mode performs mathematical calculation by typing numbers and symbols which is same as normal calculator. Voice mode takes voice input from user in the form of speech and performs mathematical calculation. Voice mode gives output in the form of voice only. This mode of calculation is easier than the regular text mode. Voice mode based calculation is useful for physically handicapped people. Smart number cruncher is user friendly since this system supports multiple regional languages. Smart number cruncher is based on various languages, initially user have to select the mode that is text mode or voice mode. On selection of voice mode user have to select language to perform mathematical calculation. Switching between regular text mode and voice mode, mathematical calculation, language selection all operations are done by micro-controller. All the operations done by voice mode are same as regular text mode internally. Proposed device is useful for the physically handicapped person as well as illiterate people. It saves lot of time wasted on lengthy calculations done by regular calculators. User doesn’t have to press any type of keys in the voice based calculator. Voice based is affordable to common people and easy to use.
